---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fusionauth_tenant Resource - terraform-provider-fusionauth"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A FusionAuth Tenant is a named object that represents a discrete namespace for Users, Applications and Groups. A user is unique by email address or username within a tenant.
  Tenants may be useful to support a multi-tenant application where you wish to use a single instance of FusionAuth but require the ability to have duplicate users across the tenants in your own application. In this scenario a user may exist multiple times with the same email address and different passwords across tenants.
  Tenants may also be useful in a test or staging environment to allow multiple users to call APIs and create and modify users without possibility of collision.
---

# fusionauth_tenant (Resource)

A FusionAuth Tenant is a named object that represents a discrete namespace for Users, Applications and Groups. A user is unique by email address or username within a tenant.

Tenants may be useful to support a multi-tenant application where you wish to use a single instance of FusionAuth but require the ability to have duplicate users across the tenants in your own application. In this scenario a user may exist multiple times with the same email address and different passwords across tenants.

Tenants may also be useful in a test or staging environment to allow multiple users to call APIs and create and modify users without possibility of collision.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The unique name of the Tenant.

### Optional

- `captcha` (Attributes) Provides CAPTCHA configuration for the tenant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--captcha))

### Read-Only

- `configured` (Boolean) Indicates the tenant has been configured. It is always `true`, except for default tenant when the setup wizard has not been completed, in which case it is `false`.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for this Tenant.

<a id="nestedatt--captcha"></a>
### Nested Schema for `captcha`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether captcha configuration is enabled.
- `method` (String) The type of captcha method to use. Must be One Of {GoogleRecaptchaV2, GoogleRecaptchaV3, HCaptcha, HCaptchaEnterprise}
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret key for this captcha method.
- `site_key` (String, Sensitive) The site key for this captcha method.
- `threshold` (Number) The numeric threshold which separates a passing score from a failing one. This value only applies if using either the Google v3 or HCaptcha Enterprise method, otherwise this value is ignored.
